Updating /offline with reference to offline page (#2408)
microsoft/pxt-arcade: docs/offline.md

# @extends

## Offline app #target-app

> The MakeCode editor is available as app which you can install on a computer with Windows or Mac OS. Once installed, the **[MakeCode Offline App](/offline-app)** lets you create, run, and download your projects to the @boardname@. It works the same as the Web application does in your browser but it's a stand-alone application that will work when a connection to the internet is restricted or not available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MakeCode @boardname@ editor is available as an app which you can install on a Windows or Mac OS Computer. Once installed, the **[MakeCode Offline App](/offline-app)** lets you create, run, and download your projects to your device. It works the same as the Web application does in your browser, but it's a stand-alone application that will work when a connection to the internet is restricted or not available.
```

> ### ~ hint
> 
> Click the link here: [MakeCode Offline App](/offline-app)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### ~button /offline-app

Download the offline app!
```

that will make it a button:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5615930/92050051-f148ee80-ed40-11ea-83c9-6a44bdcaee63.png)
